[DOC-1381] Upgrading the YugabyteDB logical replication and gRPC connector (#32669)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/manage/ysql-major-upgrade-logical-replication.md

    This marks the successful upgrade of the logical replication streams.

1. Resume the DDLs and make changes to the publications as desired.

## Verify the upgrade

After any upgrade, confirm the stream is healthy as follows:

- Connector status: `GET /connectors/<name>/status` returns `RUNNING` for the connector and its tasks, with no failures.

> - Slot progressing: — `restart_lsn` / `confirmed_flush_lsn` advance and lag drains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Slot progressing: `restart_lsn` / `confirmed_flush_lsn` advance and lag drains.
```

> - Slot progressing: — `restart_lsn` / `confirmed_flush_lsn` advance and lag drains.

Reviewer: what are restart_lsn / confirmed_flush_lsn ? what do I do with them?

What is the SQL command doing? What output do I expect when I run it?

  ```plpgsql
  SELECT slot_name, confirmed_flush_lsn,
         to_timestamp((yb_restart_commit_ht / 4096) / 1000000) AS yb_restart_time
  FROM pg_replication_slots;
  ```

- Events flowing: New changes appear on the expected Kafka topics; sink lag returns to normal.

## Rollback

Downgrade isn't supported. If a new version misbehaves:

> - Prefer fixing forward to a later patch on the same line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If possible, upgrade the connector to a later patch of the same version.
```

> - If you must return to a previous version, re-snapshot on that version (new slot, fresh snapshot) rather than pointing the previous connector at the existing slot.

Reviewer: link to resnapshot?
